---
doc_id: NW-POL-003
title: Discontinued Product and Substitution Guide
doc_type: policy
owner: Purchasing Lead
version: 1.0
status: current
effective_from: 2026-01-01
effective_to:
classification: internal
audience: all-staff
related_entities: ProductID 4, 5, 9, 17, 24, 28, 29, 42, 53, 54, 55
---

Northwind Traders - Discontinued Product and Substitution Guide

Purpose

This guide explains how sales and customer service staff handle order
lines for products that Northwind no longer buys from its suppliers.

How to tell that a product is discontinued

A product is discontinued when the Discontinued flag in the product
master is set. The product master is the only authoritative source. The
list at the end of this guide exists to record approved substitutes. It
is not a stock report and it is not the place to check whether a product
is discontinued.

Discontinued products are never replenished. Their reorder level and
their units on order are both zero, and Purchasing will not raise a
purchase order for them.

Selling the remaining stock

Remaining stock of a discontinued product is sold until it is gone.

The quantity on an order line for a discontinued product may not be
higher than the units in stock at the time the order is confirmed.
Northwind does not accept backorders for discontinued products. If a
customer wants more than the remaining stock, the line is reduced to the
remaining stock or removed, and the customer is told why.

When the stock of a discontinued product is zero, the line cannot be
fulfilled at all.

Clearance discount

To help clear remaining stock, a sales representative may give a
discount of up to 15 percent on a discontinued product on their own
authority. This is an exception to the normal 10 percent limit in the
Discount Authority Policy (NW-POL-001). A clearance discount above
15 percent follows the normal approval tiers in that policy.

The clearance discount applies only to order lines for discontinued
products that still have stock. It does not apply to the other lines on
the same order.

Offering a substitute

When a discontinued product cannot be supplied, staff may offer the
approved substitute from the list below.

A substitution always needs the consent of the customer before the
order is changed. Some key accounts have stricter consent rules, which
are recorded in their account notes.

The substitute is sold at its own list price. Northwind does not match
the price of the discontinued product.

Where the list shows no approved substitute, staff must not propose one
themselves. The request goes to the Purchasing Lead at
purchasing@northwind.example, who replies within 2 business days.

Approved substitutes

Product 5, Chef Anton's Gumbo Mix (Condiments):
approved substitute is product 4, Chef Anton's Cajun Seasoning.

Product 29, Thüringer Rostbratwurst (Meat/Poultry):
approved substitute is product 55, Pâté chinois.

Product 53, Perth Pasties (Meat/Poultry):
approved substitute is product 54, Tourtière.

Product 9, Mishi Kobe Niku (Meat/Poultry):
no approved substitute.

Product 17, Alice Mutton (Meat/Poultry):
no approved substitute.

Product 24, Guaraná Fantástica (Beverages):
no approved substitute.

Product 28, Rössle Sauerkraut (Produce):
no approved substitute.

Product 42, Singaporean Hokkien Fried Mee (Grains/Cereals):
no approved substitute.
