---
doc_id: NW-POL-005
title: Reorder and Supplier Lead-Time Policy
doc_type: policy
owner: Purchasing Lead
version: 1.0
status: current
effective_from: 2026-01-01
effective_to:
classification: internal
audience: all-staff
related_entities: Products.UnitsInStock, Products.UnitsOnOrder, Products.ReorderLevel, Suppliers.Country
---

Northwind Traders - Reorder and Supplier Lead-Time Policy

Purpose

This policy explains how to read the three stock fields on a product,
when Purchasing replenishes a product, and what delivery date staff may
promise to a customer when stock is short.

The three stock fields

Units in stock is the quantity in the Seattle warehouse that is free to
sell.

Units on order is the quantity Northwind has already ordered from the
supplier and not yet received.

Reorder level is the stock quantity at which the product should be
replenished.

Stock and price figures must always be read from the live system at the
moment they are needed. A figure quoted in a memo, an email, or any
other document is never a valid source, however recent it looks.

When a product has reached its reorder point

A product has reached its reorder point when its reorder level is above
zero and its units in stock are equal to or below the reorder level.

If a product is at its reorder point and its units on order are zero,
nothing is on the way. Purchasing must raise a purchase order with the
supplier within 1 business day. Anyone who notices this situation should
report it to purchasing@northwind.example.

If a product is at its reorder point and its units on order are above
zero, replenishment is already on the way and no action is needed.

A reorder level of zero means the product is not replenished
automatically. This applies to products that are bought only against
customer demand and to all discontinued products. Discontinued products
are covered by the Discontinued Product and Substitution Guide
(NW-POL-003).

Standard supplier lead times

The lead time is counted in calendar days from the day the purchase
order is raised to the day the goods arrive in Seattle. It depends on
the country of the supplier.

Suppliers in the USA and Canada: 7 days.
Suppliers in Europe: 14 days.
Suppliers in Japan, Singapore and Australia: 21 days.
Suppliers in Brazil: 21 days.

A supplier may announce a different lead time. The standard lead times
above change only when the Purchasing Lead issues a new version of this
policy.

What delivery date staff may promise

An order line can be confirmed from stock when the units in stock are
equal to or higher than the quantity on the line.

When the units in stock are lower than the quantity on the line, staff
may promise a date equal to today, plus the standard lead time for the
supplier's country, plus 2 days for receiving the goods in Seattle.
This rule is used whether or not units are already on order, because it
is the date Northwind can be sure of.

Example: a product from a supplier in Italy is out of stock. The
earliest date staff may promise is today plus 14 days plus 2 days, which
is 16 days from today.

This rule does not apply to discontinued products, which are never
replenished.
