---
doc_id: NW-ACC-QUICK
title: Key Account Notes - QUICK-Stop
doc_type: account-notes
owner: Andrew Fuller
version: 1.0
status: current
effective_from: 2026-01-01
effective_to: 2026-12-31
classification: internal
audience: sales
related_entities: CustomerID QUICK
---

Northwind Traders - Key Account Notes: QUICK-Stop (CustomerID QUICK)

Account summary

QUICK-Stop is a grocery chain based in Cunewalde, Germany. It is one of
the three Northwind key accounts for 2026. Key account status is
assigned by the Vice President, Sales once a year.

The account manager is Andrew Fuller, Vice President, Sales. The main
contact is Horst Kloss, who is Accounting Manager at QUICK-Stop.

Shipping preferences

QUICK-Stop prefers United Package for all shipments, because its
receiving warehouse has a fixed weekly slot with that carrier.

QUICK-Stop asks Northwind to consolidate its orders. Orders that are
ready in the same week are dispatched together on Tuesday. An order that
is ready after Tuesday waits for the following Tuesday, unless that
would make it miss its required date. In that case it ships on its own.

The carrier preference never overrides the Perishables Handling and
Carrier Guide (NW-POL-004). An order that contains seafood still ships
with Speedy Express.

Substitutions

QUICK-Stop does not accept substitute products without written consent
from Horst Kloss. Consent by telephone is not enough. Staff must have
the written consent before they change the order.

Partial shipments

QUICK-Stop accepts partial shipments. When a line cannot be filled, the
rest of the order may ship, and the customer is told which line is
outstanding.

Expedite terms for key accounts

As a key account, QUICK-Stop may have an order expedited when its
required date is within 10 calendar days, instead of the standard 5.
Northwind absorbs the expedite surcharge for key accounts, so the
customer is not charged. The conditions and the approval rules in the
Order Expedite and Shipping Policy (NW-POL-002) still apply in full.

Because Andrew Fuller is the account manager, any discount or expedite
request that he raises himself and that needs approval must be
countersigned by the Sales Manager.
