---
doc_id: NW-ACC-ERNSH
title: Key Account Notes - Ernst Handel
doc_type: account-notes
owner: Margaret Peacock
version: 1.0
status: current
effective_from: 2026-01-01
effective_to: 2026-12-31
classification: internal
audience: sales
related_entities: CustomerID ERNSH
---

Northwind Traders - Key Account Notes: Ernst Handel (CustomerID ERNSH)

Account summary

Ernst Handel is a food wholesaler based in Graz, Austria. It is one of
the three Northwind key accounts for 2026. Key account status is
assigned by the Vice President, Sales once a year.

The account manager is Margaret Peacock, Sales Representative. The main
contact is Roland Mendel, who is Sales Manager at Ernst Handel.

Ship complete only

Ernst Handel does not accept partial shipments. Every order must ship
complete, in one shipment.

If any line on an order cannot be filled from stock, the whole order is
held. The account manager contacts Roland Mendel and asks him to choose
one of three options: reduce the line to the quantity available, accept
a substitute where one is approved, or wait until stock arrives. The
order ships only after he has decided.

Substitutions

Ernst Handel accepts approved substitute products. Consent by email
from Roland Mendel is enough.

Receiving days

The receiving dock at Ernst Handel is open from Monday to Thursday.
Deliveries must not be planned to arrive on a Friday, Saturday or
Sunday. When staff choose a dispatch day, they count the carrier's
transit time forward and check the arrival day.

Chilled goods

A large share of what Ernst Handel buys is cheese and other chilled
goods. Staff should check every order against the Perishables Handling
and Carrier Guide (NW-POL-004) before dispatch.

Expedite terms for key accounts

As a key account, Ernst Handel may have an order expedited when its
required date is within 10 calendar days, instead of the standard 5.
Northwind absorbs the expedite surcharge for key accounts, so the
customer is not charged. The conditions and the approval rules in the
Order Expedite and Shipping Policy (NW-POL-002) still apply in full,
including the condition that every line can be filled from stock.
