---
doc_id: NW-ACC-SAVEA
title: Key Account Notes - Save-a-lot Markets
doc_type: account-notes
owner: Nancy Davolio
version: 1.0
status: current
effective_from: 2026-01-01
effective_to: 2026-12-31
classification: internal
audience: sales
related_entities: CustomerID SAVEA
---

Northwind Traders - Key Account Notes: Save-a-lot Markets (CustomerID SAVEA)

Account summary

Save-a-lot Markets is a supermarket chain based in Boise, Idaho, USA.
It is one of the three Northwind key accounts for 2026. Key account
status is assigned by the Vice President, Sales once a year.

The account manager is Nancy Davolio, Sales Representative. The main
contact is Jose Pavarotti, who is a Sales Representative at Save-a-lot
Markets.

Contract discount

Save-a-lot Markets has signed a supply contract with Northwind that
runs from 1 June 2026 to 31 May 2027. Under the contract, every line on
an order placed during that period receives a discount of 5 percent.
Orders placed before 1 June 2026 do not receive the contract discount.

The contract discount is not added on top of the approval tiers. It
counts toward them. For example, if a representative wants to give a
further 10 percent on a line, the total line discount is 15 percent,
which is above the representative's own authority of 10 percent and
needs approval from the Sales Manager under the Discount Authority
Policy (NW-POL-001).

Shipping preferences

Save-a-lot Markets prefers Speedy Express for all shipments, and its
contract prices were agreed on that basis.

Substitutions and partial shipments

Save-a-lot Markets accepts approved substitute products. Consent from
any buyer at the customer, by email or telephone, is enough. The
account manager records who gave the consent and when.

Save-a-lot Markets accepts partial shipments. When a line cannot be
filled, the rest of the order ships and the outstanding line follows.

Expedite terms for key accounts

As a key account, Save-a-lot Markets may have an order expedited when
its required date is within 10 calendar days, instead of the standard
5. Northwind absorbs the expedite surcharge for key accounts, so the
customer is not charged. The conditions and the approval rules in the
Order Expedite and Shipping Policy (NW-POL-002) still apply in full.
