---
doc_id: NW-MEM-001
title: London Sales Office - Q2 2026 Priorities
doc_type: memo
owner: Steven Buchanan
version: 1.0
status: current
effective_from: 2026-04-20
effective_to: 2026-06-30
classification: restricted
audience: sales-london
related_entities: CustomerID QUICK; CategoryID 4; ProductID 60
---

Northwind Traders - London Sales Office: Q2 2026 Priorities

From: Steven Buchanan, Sales Manager
To: London sales team (Michael Suyama, Robert King, Anne Dodsworth)
Date: 20 April 2026

This memo is restricted to the London sales team. It contains a
negotiating position. Apart from Andrew Fuller, who has seen it, it must
not be shared with anyone outside the London team, and never with
customers.

1. Spring dairy promotion for Germany, Austria and Switzerland

From 1 May 2026 to 30 June 2026 we are running a promotion on Dairy
Products (category 4) for customers whose ship-to country is Germany,
Austria or Switzerland.

Under the promotion you may offer a discount of 10 percent on any dairy
line. It is an offer you can use in your calls, not an automatic price
change. It has been approved by Andrew Fuller, so it is pre-approved
under the Discount Authority Policy (NW-POL-001) and you do not need to
request approval for it. It is within your own authority in any case.

The promotion does not stack. If a customer already has a discount on
a dairy line, the line gets whichever is higher, not both.

2. QUICK-Stop contract renewal

QUICK-Stop's supply terms are due for renewal in June. Andrew Fuller
leads the account, but the London office supports the negotiation
because the customer is in our region.

Our opening offer is a contract discount of 10 percent on all lines.
If QUICK-Stop pushes back, we are prepared to go as far as 20 percent
to keep the account. Do not mention the 20 percent figure to the
customer under any circumstances. Any discount above 10 percent still
needs the normal approval before it is offered.

3. Camembert Pierrot

Camembert Pierrot (product 60) sells well in the promotion countries.
When I checked on 20 April we had about 60 units on hand, so please
push it in your calls during May.

4. Target accounts for the quarter

Please give priority in your call plans to the wholesale customers in
Germany and Austria that have ordered dairy from us in the last twelve
months. I will review call plans in our team meeting every Monday.
