---
doc_id: NW-GLO-001
title: Sales and Customer Service Glossary and FAQ
doc_type: reference
owner: Laura Callahan
version: 1.0
status: current
effective_from: 2026-04-01
effective_to:
classification: internal
audience: all-staff
related_entities:
---

Northwind Traders - Sales and Customer Service Glossary and FAQ

This document explains the everyday terms that Northwind staff use on
the telephone and in email, and links each one to the official term
used in the policies. It also answers a few frequent questions. It does
not set any rules of its own. Where a rule is mentioned, the policy
named next to it is the authority.

Glossary

Rush order, rush job, hot order:
All three mean an expedited order. The official term is "expedite".
See the Order Expedite and Shipping Policy (NW-POL-002).

RDD:
Required delivery date. In the order system this is the field
RequiredDate.

Late order:
An order whose shipped date is after its required date.

Overdue order:
An order that has not shipped and whose required date has already
passed.

Short ship:
A partial shipment. One or more lines are held back and the rest of
the order ships.

Ship complete:
The opposite of a short ship. The customer accepts the order only as a
single, complete shipment.

Cold line:
An order line for a chilled product, which means a product in the
categories Dairy Products, Meat/Poultry or Seafood. See the Perishables
Handling and Carrier Guide (NW-POL-004).

Dry goods:
Products in the ambient categories: Beverages, Condiments, Confections,
Grains/Cereals and Produce.

Delisted, end of line, EOL:
All three mean a discontinued product. See the Discontinued Product and
Substitution Guide (NW-POL-003).

Sell-through:
Selling the remaining stock of a discontinued product until it is gone.

Swap:
A substitution, where the customer agrees to take an approved
substitute product.

Clearance:
The discount that a representative may give on a discontinued product
that still has stock.

ROP:
Reorder point. A product is at its ROP when its reorder level is above
zero and its stock is at or below that level. See the Reorder and
Supplier Lead-Time Policy (NW-POL-005).

On the water:
Stock that has been ordered from the supplier and has not arrived. In
the system this is the field UnitsOnOrder.

KA:
Key account. In 2026 the key accounts are QUICK-Stop, Ernst Handel and
Save-a-lot Markets.

Own authority:
A discount or an expedite that a sales representative may agree without
asking anyone.

The queue:
The Sales Approvals queue, sales-approvals@northwind.example, where
every approval request is sent and recorded.

Speedy, UP, Federal:
Short names for the three carriers: Speedy Express, United Package and
Federal Shipping.

Frequent questions

Who can approve a discount?
It depends on the size of the discount. The tiers and the approvers are
in the Discount Authority Policy (NW-POL-001).

Can I promise a customer a delivery date when we are out of stock?
Yes, but only the date worked out with the rule in the Reorder and
Supplier Lead-Time Policy (NW-POL-005).

Can I tell a customer how much stock we have?
Only after you have checked the live system. Never quote a stock figure
from a memo or an email.

A customer wants a product we no longer sell. What can I offer?
Only the approved substitute in the Discontinued Product and
Substitution Guide (NW-POL-003). If none is listed, ask the Purchasing
Lead.

Which carrier should an order use?
The economy carrier, Federal Shipping, is the default for dry goods.
Cold lines limit the choice of carrier. See the Perishables Handling
and Carrier Guide (NW-POL-004).

Can the AI assistant approve a discount or an expedite?
No. The assistant explains the rules and shows the current order data.
Approvals are given only by the people named in the policies, through
the queue.
